[docs] Document self-service password reset (#21120)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/user/access/AUTHENTICATION.md

![Example login/password interface](../../images/user/access/authentication/web-auth-example2.png)

## Changing and resetting a local user's password

> If [local authentication](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html) is configured in the cluster, a user can change or reset their password independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [local authentication](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html) is configured in the cluster, a user can change or reset their password on their own.
```

### Password change required by policy or administrator

During login, DKP may redirect a local user to the password change form if:

- the password does not meet the [complexity policy](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html#configuring-password-policy);
- the password has expired according to the [rotation policy](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html#configuring-password-policy);

> - an administrator initiated a forced password change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The password complexity does not meet the [configured policy](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html#configuring-password-policy).
- The password has expired according to the [configured policy](../../admin/configuration/access/authentication/local.html#configuring-password-policy).
- An administrator initiated a forced password change.
```
